Document dependency management (#129)
globus/action-provider-tools: DEVELOPMENT.rst

Development
###########

Dependency management
=====================

Dependencies are separated by purpose:

> *   Direct project dependencies are managed in ``/pyproject.toml``.
> *   Development dependencies (like "test" or "docs" dependencies)
>     are managed in ``pyproject.toml`` files in ``/requirements/`` subdirectories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Core project dependencies are managed in ``/pyproject.toml``.
*   Isolated closure dependencies (i.e. "test" or "docs")
    are managed in ``pyproject.toml`` files in ``/requirements/`` subdirectories.
```
